hello everyone today I bring you a lot
expected that good is a collaboration
also with the Falklands and good will
will give a new gap already screeched that has
brought that is not this that is colored
white the other one I had was colored
black that's good we already say the draw
I do not know if you remember and well this time
touch of the white one and I have to
Tell you about this brush
I'm super happy with her she's super
soft is like touching my rabbit and I do not know
he saw her with the loosest little hair
supposed to be blusher but I
I use directly for that to
apply the powder or the contour if
lazio a little good serves me for a
a lot of things to say is a little
smaller
the ajaccio negra the typical and good as
You see the finish as if it were more
redondita does not end up in tip and good
Well, I'll stop talking about Ajaccio
I will send is new this is not because this is
mine and it has been used by me and well
law has been new will send from the
thousand mills store
and well I explain you can participate
if you are good, the draw will be national
so if you are from Spain
If you are from the Balearic Islands of the Canary Islands, Ceuta
and melilla and that you can introduce yourself to
draw that more conditions the two
minors given and who can participate
as long as they have to use
of parents or legal guardians and
good conditions put good
what we put
it is first to be subscribed to my channel in
second place give I like in the
video this in this video the third in the
third conditions will be to put this
video in favorites and good room
fourth condition will be to give likes
on the facebook page pp that wish
good ways everything do not worry that
I'll leave it written and the fifth
condition is to give I like in the
website of the last men usinas
so good you can know you can know
all your news and good offers
that has the comment that you have to
leave below in this video is your
name your age and say if you prefer
for example already black squeaky or white
in that more as optional
then as optional what you can do
is to share this video on your wall
on facebook and if the winner does
You will have an additional gift of the
menus and well explained how you have to
do the sharing thing I'll put this
video on my facebook page in small
guys guys then what you have to
to do is to give it to share, publish it in
your wall the film date will be the
12/31/2010 at 00 when we take the
grapes and good
I was running this
I hope you are very lucky that
I hit the 15th but let him touch
because it's super soft you'll see you'll be
super happy and if not if it has
educated then you have the same brochita in
the online store of the thousand plants or in
the physical store so good I hope
that you liked the draw that
you are very lucky and we will see you in
the video of the resolution of the draw
many kisses and chau